README.md, before:

<img src =https://excelerate.datajuggler.com/Images/LogoTextSparkled.png><br>
Code Generate C# Classes From Excel Header Rows

<img src =https://excelerate.datajuggler.com/Images/ExcelerateLogoSmallWhite.png width="128" height="128">

Live Demo:
<a href=https://excelerate.datajuggler.com target="_blank">https://excelerate.datajuggler.com</a>

Blazor Excelerate is an open source Blazor demo for Nuget DataJuggler.Excelerate, which is built on top of EPP Plus 4.5.3.3 (last free version).

Instructions (copied from Index.razor.cs)
1. Prepare your spreadsheet (save as .xlsx extension) and ensure you have a header row, and the column names make good property names. 
   Download MemberData.xlsx to see an example (Downloads\MemberData.xlsx comes with this project and contains 20,000 random names and addresses).
   
2. Click the Upload button to upload your spreadsheet and select the sheet to code generate a class for.

   <img src =https://github.com/DataJuggler/SharedRepo/blob/master/Shared/Images/ExcelerateStep1.png><br>
   
3. Type in a namespace for your project and select the sheet in the Sheets ComboBox then click the 'Generate Class' button.

    <img src =https://github.com/DataJuggler/SharedRepo/blob/master/Shared/Images/ExcelerateStep2.png><br>
    
4. Download the zip file and extract the contents to get your C# file.

   <img src =https://github.com/DataJuggler/SharedRepo/blob/master/Shared/Images/ExcelerateStep3.png><br>

Tips / Troubleshooting
It helps to have some rows of data to attempt to determine the data type. Getting the data type is kind of a hack, as I could not find away with EPP Plus to get the column data types.

Working Demo: Excelerate WinForms Demo
https://github.com/DataJuggler/Excelerate.WinForms.Demo

<img src=https://github.com/DataJuggler/SharedRepo/blob/master/Shared/Images/Excelerate%20Win%20Forms%20Demo.png width=475 height=332>

The following code is copied from the Excelerate WinForms Demo

Load All Data method:
This method is called only once when the EditMembersForm fires its Activated event for the first time:

(to be continued).

Commit message:

Checking in with a new video link in the read me.

README.md, after:


7.24.2023: New Video

The Best C# Excel Library In The Galaxy
https://youtu.be/uWXiz52cqlg

<img src =https://excelerate.datajuggler.com/Images/LogoTextSparkled.png><br>
Code Generate C# Classes From Excel Header Rows

<img src =https://excelerate.datajuggler.com/Images/ExcelerateLogoSmallWhite.png width="128" height="128">

Live Demo:
<a href=https://excelerate.datajuggler.com target="_blank">https://excelerate.datajuggler.com</a>

Blazor Excelerate is an open source Blazor demo for Nuget DataJuggler.Excelerate, which is built on top of EPP Plus 4.5.3.3 (last free version).

Instructions (copied from Index.razor.cs)
1. Prepare your spreadsheet (save as .xlsx extension) and ensure you have a header row, and the column names make good property names. 
   Download MemberData.xlsx to see an example (Downloads\MemberData.xlsx comes with this project and contains 20,000 random names and addresses).
   
2. Click the Upload button to upload your spreadsheet and select the sheet to code generate a class for.

   <img src =https://github.com/DataJuggler/SharedRepo/blob/master/Shared/Images/ExcelerateStep1.png><br>
   
3. Type in a namespace for your project and select the sheet in the Sheets ComboBox then click the 'Generate Class' button.

    <img src =https://github.com/DataJuggler/SharedRepo/blob/master/Shared/Images/ExcelerateStep2.png><br>
    
4. Download the zip file and extract the contents to get your C# file.

   <img src =https://github.com/DataJuggler/SharedRepo/blob/master/Shared/Images/ExcelerateStep3.png><br>

Tips / Troubleshooting
It helps to have some rows of data to attempt to determine the data type. Getting the data type is kind of a hack, as I could not find away with EPP Plus to get the column data types.

Working Demo: Excelerate WinForms Demo
https://github.com/DataJuggler/Excelerate.WinForms.Demo

<img src=https://github.com/DataJuggler/SharedRepo/blob/master/Shared/Images/Excelerate%20Win%20Forms%20Demo.png width=475 height=332>

The following code is copied from the Excelerate WinForms Demo

Load All Data method:
This method is called only once when the EditMembersForm fires its Activated event for the first time:

(to be continued).
